Sp docs improvements (#114)
checkly/docs: communicate/status-pages/subscriber-notifications.mdx

sidebarTitle: 'Subscriber Notifications'
---

## Subscribing to incident updates

> Your users can choose to be notified about any incident impacting your services by doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can choose to be notified about any incident impacting your services by subscribing through your Status Page.
```

<Steps>
<Step title="Subscribing to incident updates">
By clicking the "Get updates" button at the top of the Status Page, users are directed to a form to fill in their email address.
</Step>

<Step title="Verify their email">

> A verification email is sent to confirm their subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A verification email is sent to the user's email address to confirm subscription.
```

We are actively working to resolve this issue and will provide updates
as more information becomes available.

View Status Page: https://status.yourcompany.com
Unsubscribe: [unsubscribe link]

Best regards,
Your Company Team
```

## How Checkly deals with subscribers limits based on your plan

> If you've purchased a Communicate Starter or Communicate Team add-on, **extra subscribers will automatically be charged as overages**. 

Reviewer 2: There is no limit on subscriber overages, we'll keep reporting to stripe/adding new ones as they come

> You can monitor your overages from [your Checkly account billing page](https://app.checklyhq.com/settings/account/billing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor your subscribers and overages from [your Checkly account billing page](https://app.checklyhq.com/settings/account/billing).
```

> If you have not purchased any Communicate add-on, we will continue accepting new subscribers to your page, yet will only send notifications to the first 250 subscribers. [View pricing for more details about limits](https://www.checklyhq.com/pricing).

Author: I am pretty bullish on not considering the free default Communicate Tier as a plan. The idea of an add-on feels a lot more aligned with how things work, and the wording of Communicate Hobby is confusing (Communicate Starter and Communicate Team too but there's no real choice about those.
I'll pick up the second part of suggestions.

> If you have not purchased any Communicate add-on, we will continue accepting new subscribers to your page, yet will only send notifications to the first 250 subscribers. [View pricing for more details about limits](https://www.checklyhq.com/pricing).

Reviewer: yeah, that's what I wasn't sure about :)

> If you have not purchased any Communicate add-on, we will continue accepting new subscribers to your page, yet will only send notifications to the first 250 subscribers. [View pricing for more details about limits](https://www.checklyhq.com/pricing).

Reviewer: updated my suggestion so that you can take the second part if needed.
